Warn when file() matches a collection of files (#5507)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/stdlib-namespaces.md

  `type: String`
  : Type of paths returned, can be `'file'`, `'dir'` or `'any'` (default: `'file'`)

: :::{note}

>   This function will return a collection if the glob pattern yields zero or multiple files. Use `files()` to get a collection of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This function returns a collection if the glob pattern yields zero or multiple files. Use `files()` to get a collection of files.
```

>   This function will return a collection if the glob pattern yields zero or multiple files. Use `files()` to get a collection of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This function will return a collection if the glob pattern yields zero or multiple files. To get a collection of files, use `files()`.
```
